Add Catalog feature availability table by plan (Starter vs Enterprise) (#8871)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/explore/explore-projects.md

Navigate the <Constant name="catalog" /> overview page to access your project's resources and metadata. The page includes the following sections:

- **Search bar** &mdash; [Search](#search-resources) for resources in your project by keyword. You can also use filters to refine your search results.

> - **Sidebar** &mdash; Use the left sidebar to access model [performance](/docs/explore/model-performance) and [project recommendations](/docs/explore/project-recommendations) in the **Project details** section. Browse your project's [resources, file tree, and database](#browse-with-the-sidebar) in the lower section of the sidebar.

Reviewer: Hiya @mirnawong1 

Although the callout refers to global navigation being available for starter and enterprise plans, and the bullet is directionally correct for enterprise/enterprise+, but, i was thinking it may cause confusion - in that it reads like everyone can use the sidebar to access Model Performance and Project recommendations. Maybe to make starter plan customers explicitly aware, amend the sentence to something like:

"Sidebar** &mdash; Use the left sidebar to access model [performance](/docs/explore/model-performance) and [project recommendations](/docs/explore/project-recommendations) in the **Project details** section. Browse your project's [resources, file tree, and database](#browse-with-the-sidebar) in the lower section of the sidebar. Refer to the Availability by plan table (link) for details."

Author: i didn't write this so it wasn't in scope of the pr but it seems like the content doesn't match the current ui anyway right? @luna-bianca not sure if it's something to refactor in the future? 

i think we should just remove the model performance bit 

<img width="1609" height="843" alt="Screenshot 2026-04-02 at 12 43 30" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/7fcc574c-0624-4ff2-a7fa-ca05c483ce77" />

Author: changed it to this:

- **Sidebar** &mdash; Use the left sidebar to browse your project's [resources, file tree, and database](#browse-with-the-sidebar) in the lower section of the sidebar. You can also browse model [performance](/docs/explore/model-performance) and [project recommendations](/docs/explore/project-recommendations) depending on your plan. Refer to [Availability by plan[(#availability-by-plan) for more info.

Navigate the <Constant name="catalog" /> overview page to access your project's resources and metadata. The page includes the following sections:

- **Search bar** &mdash; [Search](#search-resources) for resources in your project by keyword. You can also use filters to refine your search results.

> - **Sidebar** &mdash; Use the left sidebar to access model [performance](/docs/explore/model-performance) and [project recommendations](/docs/explore/project-recommendations) in the **Project details** section. Browse your project's [resources, file tree, and database](#browse-with-the-sidebar) in the lower section of the sidebar.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Sidebar** &mdash; Use the left sidebar to browse your project's [resources, file tree, and database](#browse-with-the-sidebar) in the lower section of the sidebar. You can also browse model [performance](/docs/explore/model-performance) and [project recommendations](/docs/explore/project-recommendations) depending on your plan. Refer to [Availability by plan[(#availability-by-plan) for more info.
```
